# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 73ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 19ms
    create-module-model completed in 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 120ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 136ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 100ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 10ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 61ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 63ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 31ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 30ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 86ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 95ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 19ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-X86_64-model 28ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 150ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 161ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 23ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 119ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 18ms
    create-module-model completed in 26ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 22ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 216ms
  [gap of 32ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 248ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 23ms
    create-variant-model 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 11ms]
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 201ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 214ms

