# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 92ms
  [gap of 101ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 201ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 18ms
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 93ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 192ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 208ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 175ms
  [gap of 58ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 233ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 115ms
    create-X86-model 102ms
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 68ms
    create-X86-model 34ms
    create-X86_64-model 80ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 522ms
  [gap of 44ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 566ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 30ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 28ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 25ms
    create-X86-model 17ms# C/C++ build system timings
    create-module-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-variant-model 25ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86_64-model 26ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 263ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 26ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 19ms
    create-variant-model 28ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
  [gap of 118ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 381ms


    create-X86-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 265ms
  [gap of 94ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 359ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 21ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-X86-model 24ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 119ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 127ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 78ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 127ms
  [gap of 55ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 182ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 33ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 99ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 107ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 192ms
  [gap of 97ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 289ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 113ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 133ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-variant-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 167ms
  [gap of 40ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 215ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model 28ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 24ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 189ms
  [gap of 81ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 270ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-X86-model 26ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 145ms
  [gap of 18ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 163ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 24ms
    create-X86-model 20ms
    create-module-model 20ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 171ms
  [gap of 42ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 213ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 22ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 19ms# C/C++ build system timings
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-X86-model 48ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 11ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 42ms
      [gap of 38ms]
    create-module-model completed in 91ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    create-X86_64-model 70ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 283ms
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 43ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    create-module-model 22ms
  [gap of 125ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 409ms


    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 25ms
    create-X86_64-model 144ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 481ms
  [gap of 163ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 646ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 14ms
      [gap of 29ms]
      create-cmake-model 14ms
    create-module-model completed in 72ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-variant-model 37ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 125ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 28ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 47ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 11ms
      create-cmake-model 17ms
    create-module-model completed in 78ms
    create-variant-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 58ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 43ms
    create-X86-model 36ms
    create-X86_64-model 69ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 624ms
  [gap of 253ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 878ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 68ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 88ms
    create-X86-model 35ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 27ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 10ms
      [gap of 12ms]
    create-module-model completed in 49ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 58ms
    create-X86-model 50ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 509ms
  [gap of 146ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 660ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 40ms
    create-X86-model 26ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model 19ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 229ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 238ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 139ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 156ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 27ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 17ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 21ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 207ms
  [gap of 32ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 239ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 129ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 140ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 38ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 45ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 93ms
  [gap of 57ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 151ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    [gap of 64ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 76ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 84ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 24ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 124ms
  [gap of 112ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 236ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 21ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 115ms
  [gap of 38ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 153ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 100ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 63ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 27ms
    [gap of 33ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 119ms
  [gap of 36ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 155ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 138ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 160ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 21ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 28ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 121ms
  [gap of 47ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 168ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 11ms
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 78ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 95ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-project-model 11ms
      create-cmake-model 17ms
    create-module-model completed in 30ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 17ms
    create-module-model completed in 17ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 179ms
  [gap of 59ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 238ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 25ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 24ms
    create-X86-model 25ms
    create-X86_64-model 25ms
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 51ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 338ms
  [gap of 102ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 440ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 18ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 12ms]
    create-module-model completed in 40ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    create-X86-model 27ms
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    create-module-model 29ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 243ms
  [gap of 23ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 266ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 21ms]
      create-cmake-model 16ms
      [gap of 79ms]
    create-module-model completed in 116ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 25ms
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 37ms
    create-X86-model 27ms
    create-X86_64-model 42ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 27ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 19ms
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 68ms
    create-variant-model 28ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 51ms# C/C++ build system timings
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-X86-model 19ms
    create-module-model 38ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 545ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-variant-model 17ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    create-X86-model 23ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 14ms]
      create-cmake-model 12ms
  [gap of 134ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 684ms
    create-module-model completed in 30ms


    create-variant-model 31ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 19ms
    create-X86_64-model 29ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 332ms
  [gap of 118ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 451ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 22ms
    create-X86-model 19ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 17ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 19ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 316ms
  [gap of 129ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 448ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 23ms
    create-variant-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 27ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-variant-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 24ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 216ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 232ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 18ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 35ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 133ms
    create-X86-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 59ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 13ms]
      create-cmake-model 12ms
    create-module-model completed in 28ms
    create-variant-model 28ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 23ms
    create-X86-model 41ms
    create-X86_64-model 25ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 453ms
  [gap of 38ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 491ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 18ms
      [gap of 30ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 19ms]
    create-module-model completed in 77ms
    create-variant-model 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 24ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    create-X86-model 22ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
    create-module-model 29ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    create-X86-model 20ms
    create-X86_64-model 37ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 338ms
  [gap of 198ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 538ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 29ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 67ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 109ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 37ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 27ms
    [gap of 70ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 97ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 106ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 11ms
    create-module-model completed in 15ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
  [gap of 32ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 17ms
    [gap of 30ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 82ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 68ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 137ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-project-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 46ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 62ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 131ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 17ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 59ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 25ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    create-variant-model 21ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 145ms
  [gap of 80ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 225ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 112ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 151ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-project-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 84ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 84ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 154ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 154ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-project-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 85ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 174ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 100ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 100ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 11ms
      [gap of 32ms]
    create-module-model completed in 53ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 21ms
    create-X86_64-model 21ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 11ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 11ms]
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 276ms
  [gap of 160ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 444ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
    create-module-model completed in 22ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 104ms
    create-X86-model 31ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 16ms]
      create-cmake-model 15ms
    create-module-model completed in 31ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 19ms
    create-X86_64-model 32ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 326ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 357ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 21ms]
      create-cmake-model 12ms
      [gap of 60ms]
    create-module-model completed in 93ms
    create-variant-model 23ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 70ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 62ms
    create-X86-model 39ms
    create-X86_64-model 60ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 10ms]
      create-cmake-model 21ms
      [gap of 10ms]
    create-module-model completed in 41ms
    create-variant-model 93ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 167ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 69ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 18ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 757ms
  [gap of 147ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 912ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 12ms]
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 10ms
      [gap of 49ms]
    create-module-model completed in 71ms
    create-variant-model 19ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 31ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 42ms
    create-X86-model 21ms
    create-X86_64-model 51ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 22ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 11ms]
    create-module-model completed in 43ms
    create-variant-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 31ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 31ms
    create-X86-model 49ms
    create-X86_64-model 26ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 437ms
  [gap of 178ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 623ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 16ms
      [gap of 29ms]
    create-module-model completed in 45ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 16ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 16ms
    create-X86_64-model 22ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 301ms
  [gap of 116ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 417ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 11ms]
      create-cmake-model 10ms
      [gap of 10ms]
    create-module-model completed in 31ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 10ms
      [gap of 10ms]
    create-module-model completed in 20ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 162ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 182ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 25ms]
      create-cmake-model 16ms
    create-module-model completed in 49ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 47ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 26ms
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-module-model
      create-ndk-meta-abi-list 16ms
      [gap of 16ms]
    create-module-model completed in 32ms
    create-variant-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    create-X86-model 31ms
    create-X86_64-model 31ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 305ms
  [gap of 25ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 330ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model# C/C++ build system timings
    create-module-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-module-model 21ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 20ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 29ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 55ms
    create-module-model 18ms
    create-X86-model 24ms
    create-X86_64-model 34ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 48ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-module-model 21ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 28ms
    create-X86_64-model 32ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 299ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 28ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 48ms
    create-X86-model 35ms
    create-X86_64-model 33ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 378ms
  [gap of 186ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 486ms


  [gap of 85ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 464ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 66ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 90ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 99ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 59ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 91ms

